Utilizing sqlite database queries to construct Python DataFrames in order to analyze connections between SARS reporting and
other variables within dataset. 

Our group was able to convert the "Industry" column into categorical data which was necessary for our modeling. We created a dictionary of
dictionaries with the column objects inside the nested dictionary assigned to ordinal values. Afterwards, we cleaned the data by
running the .replace() function.

The model we worked with with utilizes components of both supervised and unsupervised machine learning. First, we established a pipeline
that scales the model, reduces dimensionality, and provides the test sample of the model all within the same cell. 
Then we called the dependencies and imports. RunTest() is a function that tests our model using the pipeline's preprocessing output
as its parameters. Once RunTest() completes, the last step is to loop through each of the libraries we called prior to setting up the 
pipeline and RunTest(). All dependencies and libraries containing the statistical tests we used are declared before the function,
RunTest(), is executed. The cell then returns the model's precision as well as the model that yielded the highest precision score and
the number of features it looped through to get those results. 

In order to run our first machine learning test, we dropped columns containing string values keeping only "Count", "Year", and "Industry"
and converted the "Count" column datatypes. to float using .to_numeric(). The first attempt at building a machine learning model yielded 
were very poor results at discerning a connection between our variable of interest, "Industry" and the SARS count of our study. A possible source for these problems may be reducing too many features for any significant comparision (n=3). Without other variables,
this model does not have other explanatory variables for a comparison. Assigning dummy variables to the  "Suspicious Activity" column
is a future endeavor. 

The overall motivation behind this method of machine learning is to engage in auto-tuning the hyperparameters of model-building. Auto-
mating as many aspects of machine learning would reduce the amount of human influence such as bias, mishandling of the data, mistakes,
and other such errors. While this model is not close to removing all human influence in machine learning,
this project provided us with an opportunity to utilize machine learning in a realistic situation in which we will be able to implement
for future tasks. 